lancie-api/src/main/java/ch/wisv/areafiftylan/products/service/OrderServiceImpl: create(String, List<String>) -> Order
lancie-api/src/main/java/ch/wisv/areafiftylan/products/service/OrderServiceImpl: removeOrder(Long) -> Order
lancie-api/src/main/java/ch/wisv/areafiftylan/products/service/OrderServiceImpl: addTicketToOrder(Long, String, List<String>) -> Order
lancie-api/src/main/java/ch/wisv/areafiftylan/products/service/OrderServiceImpl: assignOrderToUser(Long, String) -> Order
lancie-api/src/main/java/ch/wisv/areafiftylan/products/service/OrderServiceImpl: removeTicketFromOrder(Long, Long) -> Order
lancie-api/src/main/java/ch/wisv/areafiftylan/products/service/OrderServiceImpl: requestPayment(Long) -> String
lancie-api/src/main/java/ch/wisv/areafiftylan/products/service/OrderServiceImpl: adminApproveOrder(Long) -> void
lancie-api/src/main/java/ch/wisv/areafiftylan/products/service/OrderServiceImpl: expireOrder(Order) -> void
lancie-api/src/main/java/ch/wisv/areafiftylan/products/service/OrderServiceImpl: expireOrder(Order) -> void
lancie-api/src/main/java/ch/wisv/areafiftylan/products/service/TicketServiceImpl: removeTicket(Long) -> Ticket
lancie-api/src/main/java/ch/wisv/areafiftylan/products/service/TicketServiceImpl: validateTicket(Long) -> void
lancie-api/src/main/java/ch/wisv/areafiftylan/products/service/TicketServiceImpl: requestTicketOfType(User, TicketType, List<TicketOption>) -> Ticket
lancie-api/src/main/java/ch/wisv/areafiftylan/products/service/TicketServiceImpl: setupForTransfer(Long, String) -> TicketTransferToken
lancie-api/src/main/java/ch/wisv/areafiftylan/products/service/TicketServiceImpl: transferTicket(String) -> Ticket
lancie-api/src/main/java/ch/wisv/areafiftylan/products/service/TicketServiceImpl: transferTicket(String) -> Ticket
lancie-api/src/main/java/ch/wisv/areafiftylan/products/service/TicketServiceImpl: cancelTicketTransfer(String) -> Ticket
lancie-api/src/main/java/ch/wisv/areafiftylan/products/service/TicketServiceImpl: assignTicketToUser(Long, String) -> Ticket
lancie-api/src/main/java/ch/wisv/areafiftylan/products/service/TicketServiceImpl: addTicketType(TicketType) -> TicketType
lancie-api/src/main/java/ch/wisv/areafiftylan/products/service/TicketServiceImpl: updateTicketType(Long, TicketType) -> TicketType
lancie-api/src/main/java/ch/wisv/areafiftylan/products/service/TicketServiceImpl: deleteTicketType(Long) -> void
lancie-api/src/main/java/ch/wisv/areafiftylan/products/service/TicketServiceImpl: addTicketOption(TicketOption) -> TicketOption
lancie-api/src/main/java/ch/wisv/areafiftylan/products/service/TicketServiceImpl: deleteTicketOption(Long) -> void
lancie-api/src/main/java/ch/wisv/areafiftylan/security/authentication/AuthenticationServiceImpl: createNewAuthToken(String) -> String
lancie-api/src/main/java/ch/wisv/areafiftylan/security/authentication/AuthenticationServiceImpl: createNewAuthToken(String) -> String
lancie-api/src/main/java/ch/wisv/areafiftylan/security/authentication/AuthenticationServiceImpl: removeAuthToken(String) -> void
lancie-api/src/main/java/ch/wisv/areafiftylan/security/authentication/AuthenticationServiceImpl: removeAuthTokenForUser(User) -> void
lancie-api/src/main/java/ch/wisv/areafiftylan/security/authentication/AuthenticationServiceImpl: removeAllAuthTokens() -> void
lancie-api/src/main/java/ch/wisv/areafiftylan/security/authentication/AuthenticationServiceImpl: verifyUserByToken(String) -> User
lancie-api/src/main/java/ch/wisv/areafiftylan/security/authentication/AuthenticationServiceImpl: resetPasswordByToken(String, String) -> void
lancie-api/src/main/java/ch/wisv/areafiftylan/web/committee/service/CommitteeServiceImpl: addCommitteeMember(CommitteeMember) -> CommitteeMember
lancie-api/src/main/java/ch/wisv/areafiftylan/web/committee/service/CommitteeServiceImpl: removeCommitteeMember(Long) -> void
lancie-api/src/main/java/ch/wisv/areafiftylan/web/committee/service/CommitteeServiceImpl: deleteCommittee() -> void
lancie-api/src/main/java/ch/wisv/areafiftylan/web/faq/service/FaqServiceImpl: addQuestion(FaqPair) -> FaqPair
lancie-api/src/main/java/ch/wisv/areafiftylan/web/faq/service/FaqServiceImpl: deleteQuestion(Long) -> void
lancie-api/src/main/java/ch/wisv/areafiftylan/web/faq/service/FaqServiceImpl: deleteFaq() -> void
lancie-api/src/main/java/ch/wisv/areafiftylan/web/tournament/service/TournamentServiceImpl: addTournament(Tournament) -> Tournament
lancie-api/src/main/java/ch/wisv/areafiftylan/web/tournament/service/TournamentServiceImpl: replaceTournament(Tournament) -> Tournament
lancie-api/src/main/java/ch/wisv/areafiftylan/web/tournament/service/TournamentServiceImpl: deleteTournament(Long) -> void
lancie-api/src/main/java/ch/wisv/areafiftylan/web/tournament/service/TournamentServiceImpl: deleteAllTournaments() -> void
lancie-api/src/main/java/ch/wisv/areafiftylan/web/sponsor/service/SponsorServiceImpl: createSponsor(Sponsor) -> Sponsor
lancie-api/src/main/java/ch/wisv/areafiftylan/web/sponsor/service/SponsorServiceImpl: deleteSponsor(Long) -> void
lancie-api/src/main/java/ch/wisv/areafiftylan/web/sponsor/service/SponsorServiceImpl: deleteAllSponsors() -> void
lancie-api/src/main/java/ch/wisv/areafiftylan/web/banner/service/BannerServiceImpl: addBanner(Banner) -> Banner
lancie-api/src/main/java/ch/wisv/areafiftylan/web/banner/service/BannerServiceImpl: update(Long, Banner) -> Banner
lancie-api/src/main/java/ch/wisv/areafiftylan/web/banner/service/BannerServiceImpl: removeBanner(Long) -> void
lancie-api/src/main/java/ch/wisv/areafiftylan/web/banner/service/BannerServiceImpl: deleteBanners() -> void
lancie-api/src/main/java/ch/wisv/areafiftylan/seats/service/SeatServiceImpl: reserveSeat(String, int, Long, boolean) -> boolean
lancie-api/src/main/java/ch/wisv/areafiftylan/seats/service/SeatServiceImpl: addSeats(SeatGroupDTO) -> void
lancie-api/src/main/java/ch/wisv/areafiftylan/seats/service/SeatServiceImpl: removeSeats(SeatGroupDTO) -> void
lancie-api/src/main/java/ch/wisv/areafiftylan/seats/service/SeatServiceImpl: setSeatLocked(String, int, boolean) -> void
lancie-api/src/main/java/ch/wisv/areafiftylan/seats/service/SeatServiceImpl: setSeatGroupLocked(String, boolean) -> void
lancie-api/src/main/java/ch/wisv/areafiftylan/seats/service/SeatServiceImpl: setAllSeatsLock(boolean) -> void
lancie-api/src/main/java/ch/wisv/areafiftylan/users/service/UserServiceImpl: create(UserDTO) -> User
lancie-api/src/main/java/ch/wisv/areafiftylan/users/service/UserServiceImpl: create(UserDTO) -> User
lancie-api/src/main/java/ch/wisv/areafiftylan/users/service/UserServiceImpl: replace(Long, UserDTO) -> User
lancie-api/src/main/java/ch/wisv/areafiftylan/users/service/UserServiceImpl: edit(Long, UserDTO) -> User
lancie-api/src/main/java/ch/wisv/areafiftylan/users/service/UserServiceImpl: addProfile(Long, ProfileDTO) -> User
lancie-api/src/main/java/ch/wisv/areafiftylan/users/service/UserServiceImpl: unlock(Long) -> void
lancie-api/src/main/java/ch/wisv/areafiftylan/users/service/UserServiceImpl: lock(Long) -> void
lancie-api/src/main/java/ch/wisv/areafiftylan/users/service/UserServiceImpl: verify(Long) -> void
lancie-api/src/main/java/ch/wisv/areafiftylan/users/service/UserServiceImpl: requestResetPassword(User) -> void
lancie-api/src/main/java/ch/wisv/areafiftylan/users/service/UserServiceImpl: resetPassword(Long, String) -> void
lancie-api/src/main/java/ch/wisv/areafiftylan/users/service/UserServiceImpl: changePassword(Long, String, String) -> void
lancie-api/src/main/java/ch/wisv/areafiftylan/users/service/UserServiceImpl: addRole(Long, RoleDTO) -> void
lancie-api/src/main/java/ch/wisv/areafiftylan/users/service/UserServiceImpl: deleteRole(Long, RoleDTO) -> void
lancie-api/src/main/java/ch/wisv/areafiftylan/teams/service/TeamServiceImpl: create(String, String) -> Team
lancie-api/src/main/java/ch/wisv/areafiftylan/teams/service/TeamServiceImpl: update(Long, String, String) -> Team
lancie-api/src/main/java/ch/wisv/areafiftylan/teams/service/TeamServiceImpl: delete(Long) -> Team
lancie-api/src/main/java/ch/wisv/areafiftylan/teams/service/TeamServiceImpl: delete(Long) -> Team
lancie-api/src/main/java/ch/wisv/areafiftylan/teams/service/TeamServiceImpl: inviteMember(Long, String) -> TeamInviteToken
lancie-api/src/main/java/ch/wisv/areafiftylan/teams/service/TeamServiceImpl: revokeInvite(String) -> void
lancie-api/src/main/java/ch/wisv/areafiftylan/teams/service/TeamServiceImpl: addMemberByInvite(String) -> void
lancie-api/src/main/java/ch/wisv/areafiftylan/teams/service/TeamServiceImpl: addMember(Long, String) -> void
lancie-api/src/main/java/ch/wisv/areafiftylan/teams/service/TeamServiceImpl: removeMember(Long, String) -> boolean
lancie-api/src/main/java/ch/wisv/areafiftylan/extras/consumption/service/ConsumptionServiceImpl: isConsumed(Long, Long) -> boolean
lancie-api/src/main/java/ch/wisv/areafiftylan/extras/consumption/service/ConsumptionServiceImpl: consume(Long, Long) -> void
lancie-api/src/main/java/ch/wisv/areafiftylan/extras/consumption/service/ConsumptionServiceImpl: reset(Long, Long) -> void
lancie-api/src/main/java/ch/wisv/areafiftylan/extras/consumption/service/ConsumptionServiceImpl: removePossibleConsumption(Long) -> void
lancie-api/src/main/java/ch/wisv/areafiftylan/extras/consumption/service/ConsumptionServiceImpl: addPossibleConsumption(String) -> Consumption
lancie-api/src/main/java/ch/wisv/areafiftylan/extras/mailupdates/service/SubscriptionServiceImpl: addSubscription(String) -> Subscription
lancie-api/src/main/java/ch/wisv/areafiftylan/extras/mailupdates/service/SubscriptionServiceImpl: removeSubscription(Long) -> void
lancie-api/src/main/java/ch/wisv/areafiftylan/extras/mailupdates/service/SubscriptionServiceImpl: removeAllSubscriptions() -> void
lancie-api/src/main/java/ch/wisv/areafiftylan/extras/rfid/service/RFIDServiceImpl: addRFIDLink(String, Long) -> RFIDLink
lancie-api/src/main/java/ch/wisv/areafiftylan/extras/rfid/service/RFIDServiceImpl: removeRFIDLink(String) -> RFIDLink
lancie-api/src/main/java/ch/wisv/areafiftylan/extras/rfid/service/RFIDServiceImpl: removeRFIDLink(Long) -> RFIDLink
